LIP_3/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>LIP_3 Guide</h1>
  <br/>
</div>

Before start, make sure you are inside the LIP_3 directory on the terminal

# 1. Dependency Setup

Check Common Guide's [Dependency Setup Section](../README.md#1.-Dependency-Setup)

## Install the dependencies

```
LIP_ID="LIP_3"
cd $HOME/liquidity-program/
git checkout $LIP_ID
cd $LIP_ID
npm install
cp $HOME/liquidity-program/LIP_1/contracts/KiraToken.sol $HOME/liquidity-program/LIP_3/contracts
```

# 2. Environment Variables (Accounts & Keys Setup)

Check Common Guide's [Setup Environment Variables Section](<../README.md#2.-Environment-Variables-(Accounts-&-Keys-Setup)>)

# 3. Testnet used and faucet references

Check Common Guide's [Testnet used and faucet references Section](../README.md#3.-Testnet-used-and-faucet-references)

# 4. Compile and Unit Testing

## Compile the smart contract with the provided command

```
 $ npm run build
> kira-auction@1.0.0 prebuild /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> rimraf ./build/contracts/*

> kira-auction@1.0.0 build /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> truffle compile

Using env var PRIVATE_KEY conn...
Using env var INFURA_APIKEY 7591...
Using env var process.env.ETHERSCAN_APIKEY SFP4...

Compiling your contracts...
===========================
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraAuction.sol
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraToken.sol
> Compiling ./contracts/Migrations.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/GSN/Context.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/access/Ownable.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/math/SafeMath.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/ERC20/IERC20.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/utils/Address.sol
> Artifacts written to /Users/mac/Documents/Work/Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3/build/contracts
> Compiled successfully using:
   - solc: 0.6.2+commit.bacdbe57.Emscripten.clang
```

## Test the smart contract with the provided command. All testing should be passed

```
 $ npm run test
> kira-auction@1.0.0 test /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> truffle test

Using env var PRIVATE_KEY abc...
Using env var INFURA_APIKEY 123...
Using env var process.env.ETHERSCAN_APIKEY 0987...
Using network 'development'.


Compiling your contracts...
===========================
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraAuction.sol
> Artifacts written to /var/folders/m5/s6r4jc2n683grgxld0r1hgch0000gn/T/test--1387-Y60j8u54aM9J
> Compiled successfully using:
   - solc: 0.6.2+commit.bacdbe57.Emscripten.clang

  Contract: KiraAuction Test
    KiraAuction
      ✓ KiraToken should be configured once deployed
      ✓ wallet should be the owner once deployed
    configAuction
      ✓ should only be callable by the owner (51ms)
      ✓ should only be callable before auction starts (2097ms)
      ✓ can't set set the startTime as old time (65ms)
      ✓ should set the auction price as decreasing (51ms)
      ✓ first slope's decreasing rate should be bigger than the second one (42ms)
      ✓ slope times should be valid (42ms)
      ✓ max size per transaction should be valid (53ms)
      ✓ should set the variables properly (should convert to the ether unit) (99ms)
    setWallet
      ✓ wallet should only be configurable by the owner (49ms)
      ✓ wallet should only be configurable before auction starts (3089ms)
      ✓ wallet should be set properly (1128ms)
    whitelist
      ✓ whitelist should only be called by the owner (39ms)
      ✓ whitelist should only be called before auction starts (3121ms)
      ✓ wallet should be set properly (82ms)
    deposit
      ✓ should be rejected before the auction (1174ms)
      ✓ should be rejected after the auction (5100ms)
      ✓ owner or address(0) should not be able to participate in the auction (1092ms)
      ✓ should be rejected from not whitelisted account (1110ms)
      ✓ amount should not exceed the MAX_WEI (1208ms)
      ✓ should be rejected when it exceeds the tx rate limit (1333ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if it exceeds the hard cap (3250ms)
      ✓ should update the total deposited amount, latest price and user info properly (5320ms)
    claimTokens
      ✓ should only be called after auction ends (3126ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if non-whitelisted user tries to claim (5093ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if whitelisted & non-deposited user tries to claim (5185ms)
      ✓ should transfer the proper amount of tokens to the claimer (7459ms)
    withdrawFunds
      ✓ should only be called from the owner (38ms)
      ✓ should only be called after auction ends (3131ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if there is no balance on the contract (5095ms)

  31 passing (1m)
```

# 5. Example Deployment and expected output

## Deploy to Local Testnet

```
npm run build & npm run deploy:development
```

## Deploy to Kovan testnet

Make sure the private key has enough test ether on the Kovan test network to fund the deployment transactions.

```
$ npm run build & npm run deploy:kovan
```

## Verification

In order to verify your smart contract on etherscan.io execute the verification script immediately after the contract is successfully deployed and pass the contract name as the argument.

```
$ npm run verify:kovan KiraAuction
...
$ npm run verify:kovan KiraToken
```

- KiraToken: https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x750B2a9286f1b5b085E0dBfA911e9Dc4D23e7AdB#contracts
- KiraAuction: https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x7AF53F569AB0AfcC58F56d47025bCF6c15Be6593#contractslink

# 6. Instructions for interacting with the contract

- Send 200 KEX tokens to the Auction contract
  ![Transfer_200_KEX_To_Auction_Contract](doc/1.png)
- Set Withdraw account for ETH
  ![Set_Withdraw_account](doc/2.png)
- Set whitelist for `User 1` and `User 2`
  ![Whitelist_Accounts](doc/3.png)
- Config Auction Parameters (start time: 1602159300)
  ![Config_Auction](doc/4.png)
- Wait until the auction starts
- Wait 10 seconds and send 0.8 ether to the contract from `User 1`
- Wait 60 seconds and send 0.6 ether to the contract from `User 2`
- Wait 30 seconds and check `isFinished`
  ![IsFinished](doc/isFinished.png)
- Whitelist Token Transfer (allow unconditional transfer for the contract)
  ![AllowUnconditionalTransfer](doc/allow_unconditional_transfer.png)
- Claim KEX from `User 1` and get ~114.28 KEX
- Claim KEX from `User 2` and get ~85.71 KEX
- Withdraw Funds and get `1.4` ether
  ![Withdraw](doc/withdraw.png)

Commit message:

LIP_3 predefine Kira Token Address in .env file

LIP_3/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>LIP_3 Guide</h1>
  <br/>
</div>

Before start, make sure you are inside the LIP_3 directory on the terminal

# 1. Dependency Setup

Check Common Guide's [Dependency Setup Section](../README.md#1.-Dependency-Setup)

## Install the dependencies

```
LIP_ID="LIP_3"
cd $HOME/liquidity-program/
git checkout $LIP_ID
cd $LIP_ID
npm install
cp $HOME/liquidity-program/LIP_1/contracts/KiraToken.sol $HOME/liquidity-program/LIP_3/contracts
```

# 2. Environment Variables (Accounts & Keys Setup)

Check Common Guide's [Setup Environment Variables Section](<../README.md#2.-Environment-Variables-(Accounts-&-Keys-Setup)>)

### `KIRA_TOKEN_ADDRESS`

- The contract address of Kira Network (KEX) which you deployed. (start with 0x)

```
echo "KIRA_TOKEN_ADDRESS=XXX...XXX" >> $HOME/liquidity-program/$LIP_ID/.env
```

# 3. Testnet used and faucet references

Check Common Guide's [Testnet used and faucet references Section](../README.md#3.-Testnet-used-and-faucet-references)

# 4. Compile and Unit Testing

## Compile the smart contract with the provided command

```
 $ npm run build
> kira-auction@1.0.0 prebuild /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> rimraf ./build/contracts/*

> kira-auction@1.0.0 build /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> truffle compile

Using env var PRIVATE_KEY conn...
Using env var INFURA_APIKEY 7591...
Using env var process.env.ETHERSCAN_APIKEY SFP4...

Compiling your contracts...
===========================
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraAuction.sol
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraToken.sol
> Compiling ./contracts/Migrations.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/GSN/Context.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/access/Ownable.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/math/SafeMath.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/ERC20/IERC20.sol
> Compiling openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/utils/Address.sol
> Artifacts written to /Users/mac/Documents/Work/Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3/build/contracts
> Compiled successfully using:
   - solc: 0.6.2+commit.bacdbe57.Emscripten.clang
```

## Test the smart contract with the provided command. All testing should be passed

```
 $ npm run test
> kira-auction@1.0.0 test /Kira/liquidity-program/LIP_3
> truffle test

Using env var PRIVATE_KEY abc...
Using env var INFURA_APIKEY 123...
Using env var process.env.ETHERSCAN_APIKEY 0987...
Using network 'development'.


Compiling your contracts...
===========================
> Compiling ./contracts/KiraAuction.sol
> Artifacts written to /var/folders/m5/s6r4jc2n683grgxld0r1hgch0000gn/T/test--1387-Y60j8u54aM9J
> Compiled successfully using:
   - solc: 0.6.2+commit.bacdbe57.Emscripten.clang

  Contract: KiraAuction Test
    KiraAuction
      ✓ KiraToken should be configured once deployed
      ✓ wallet should be the owner once deployed
    configAuction
      ✓ should only be callable by the owner (51ms)
      ✓ should only be callable before auction starts (2097ms)
      ✓ can't set set the startTime as old time (65ms)
      ✓ should set the auction price as decreasing (51ms)
      ✓ first slope's decreasing rate should be bigger than the second one (42ms)
      ✓ slope times should be valid (42ms)
      ✓ max size per transaction should be valid (53ms)
      ✓ should set the variables properly (should convert to the ether unit) (99ms)
    setWallet
      ✓ wallet should only be configurable by the owner (49ms)
      ✓ wallet should only be configurable before auction starts (3089ms)
      ✓ wallet should be set properly (1128ms)
    whitelist
      ✓ whitelist should only be called by the owner (39ms)
      ✓ whitelist should only be called before auction starts (3121ms)
      ✓ wallet should be set properly (82ms)
    deposit
      ✓ should be rejected before the auction (1174ms)
      ✓ should be rejected after the auction (5100ms)
      ✓ owner or address(0) should not be able to participate in the auction (1092ms)
      ✓ should be rejected from not whitelisted account (1110ms)
      ✓ amount should not exceed the MAX_WEI (1208ms)
      ✓ should be rejected when it exceeds the tx rate limit (1333ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if it exceeds the hard cap (3250ms)
      ✓ should update the total deposited amount, latest price and user info properly (5320ms)
    claimTokens
      ✓ should only be called after auction ends (3126ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if non-whitelisted user tries to claim (5093ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if whitelisted & non-deposited user tries to claim (5185ms)
      ✓ should transfer the proper amount of tokens to the claimer (7459ms)
    withdrawFunds
      ✓ should only be called from the owner (38ms)
      ✓ should only be called after auction ends (3131ms)
      ✓ should be rejected if there is no balance on the contract (5095ms)

  31 passing (1m)
```

# 5. Example Deployment and expected output

## Deploy to Local Testnet

```
npm run build & npm run deploy:development
```

## Deploy to Kovan testnet

Make sure the private key has enough test ether on the Kovan test network to fund the deployment transactions.

```
$ npm run build & npm run deploy:kovan
```

## Verification

In order to verify your smart contract on etherscan.io execute the verification script immediately after the contract is successfully deployed and pass the contract name as the argument.

```
$ npm run verify:kovan KiraAuction
...
$ npm run verify:kovan KiraToken
```

- KiraToken: https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x750B2a9286f1b5b085E0dBfA911e9Dc4D23e7AdB#contracts
- KiraAuction: https://kovan.etherscan.io/address/0x7AF53F569AB0AfcC58F56d47025bCF6c15Be6593#contractslink

# 6. Instructions for interacting with the contract

- Send 200 KEX tokens to the Auction contract
  ![Transfer_200_KEX_To_Auction_Contract](doc/1.png)
- Set Withdraw account for ETH
  ![Set_Withdraw_account](doc/2.png)
- Set whitelist for `User 1` and `User 2`
  ![Whitelist_Accounts](doc/3.png)
- Config Auction Parameters (start time: 1602159300)
  ![Config_Auction](doc/4.png)
- Wait until the auction starts
- Wait 10 seconds and send 0.8 ether to the contract from `User 1`
- Wait 60 seconds and send 0.6 ether to the contract from `User 2`
- Wait 30 seconds and check `isFinished`
  ![IsFinished](doc/isFinished.png)
- Whitelist Token Transfer (allow unconditional transfer for the contract)
  ![AllowUnconditionalTransfer](doc/allow_unconditional_transfer.png)
- Claim KEX from `User 1` and get ~114.28 KEX
- Claim KEX from `User 2` and get ~85.71 KEX
- Withdraw Funds and get `1.4` ether
  ![Withdraw](doc/withdraw.png)
